[Music]
hello there welcome back I'm glad you
could join me today let's just dive
right in and run all the colors across
the screen that you'll need to paint
along with me
I have my regular old canvas here wet
and ready to go now
let's grab our trusty two-inch brush
here whack that off you look good
just be like it owes you money we're
gonna get a little damp or yellow snow
here mix that with just another little
dab of our baby water now well that's
just dancin happy little sky well
remember this is your world
you get to make and break the rules here
sweet baby Jesus
wish I could jump in there and roll
around and all that cascading white
powder yeah just get high on all of
life's splendor god I love cocaine so
much holy knuckles I am high as a
kite right now okay let's paint it a few
little happy trees there nothing wrong
with making friends with trees no what
you don't want to do is eat these paints
trust me on this one all right I'm gonna
walk off from Ken that's right
[Laughter]
would you look at that it seems like we
have ourselves a finished painting so
from our family to yours keep your pants
dry your dreams wet and remember hugs
not drugs
[Music]